 Mediastore intends to be a free, descentralized and federated alternative
 to popular media delivery services like Google Play.

Why decentralization?

 Let's think about the real world for a moment. If you want to buy fruit, you
 might get to one of your local groceries or head to a shopping mall, but in
 the end, if one tracks down the final product, it does not come from the
 store where (s)he bought it, but from a farmer who grew it in the first place

 So, we have a system of producers (farmers) and distributors (the stores but
 also the farmer at local level) where, in principle, any person or group of
 people can, by means of free enterprise and free asociation, become either one
 or the other.

 If we look at the Internet today, we see that this approach is somewhat similar,
 we have various kinds of producers (software companies, music labels - or musicians
 who self publish their compositions, video makers, book authors..) but, in practicity,
 the second part of the system, the distribution one, does not work the same way
 as in the real world, since the distribution process is basically dominated by a few
 major actors, creating something resembling an oligopoly in digital goods distribution.

 The major concern about this particular issue is that, in a system with few distributors,
 a few agents on the system have the power to decide what is distributed and what is not,
 therefore laying the ground for a near-perfect censorship system.

 The way Mediastore tries to solve this is by stablishing a digital network like the one
 previously described for phisical stores, where it is easy as a producer to stablish your
 own store and sell  your own works but where third-party agents can also easily setup their
 own store and import works from whichever authors they desire, taking a fee of every
 transaction.

 This brings the following advantages:

 - Curation: Let's ilustrate this with an example. Imagine you are visiting a blog
   which covers music releases. Most likely, if you are a regular visitor of said blog,
   you might have similar tastes to the people who write in there. If the blog had a
   digital store where you could find albums by the musicians covered in there, It would
   come with one of the basic prerequisites for accepting suggestions, confidence, you
   know which kind of music is promoted by the site, and - presumably- you fall into
   the target audience for that kind of music, so you're confident that the suggestion
   is somewhat well informed (by suggestion I mean any item you might find, which is -in
   a way- suggested for you to buy). This would also provide extra funds for small blogs
   which will surely appreciate them.

 - Competition: By stablishing a way to set up an online shop in a rather simple way, we
   will see the amount of such services grow at an amazing speed, which will eventually
   foster competition and thus, reduce the amount of power that any single provider has
   over any potential costumer, since he or she might find the same product somewhere
   else

 And sure there are more advantages to be found

Which is going to be mediastore's architecture?

There are actually two architectures at the same time on mediastore, the one that allows
for the asotiation of servers on a producer-distributor partnership and the one stablished
by on the buyer-seller relationship by a mediastore client and a mediastore server. Both
architectures are somewhat similar, might even share some functionalities, but in the end
operate as totally different entities
